Big House is a room.

Elizabeth is a woman in the Big House. Darcy is a man in the Big House.

Loving relates one person to one person. The verb to love (he loves, they
love, he loved, he is loved) implies the loving relation.

Elizabeth loves Darcy.

Understand "man infatuated with [something related by loving]" as a man.
Understand "woman infatuated with [something related by loving]" as a
woman.

Understand "man loved by [something related by reversed loving]" as a man.
Understand "woman loved by [something related by reversed loving]" as a
woman.

Test love with "x woman infatuated with Darcy/ x man loved by elizabeth / x
man infatuated with elizabeth / x woman loved by Darcy".


Noticing relates various people to one person. The verb to notice (he
notices, they notice, he noticed, he is noticed) implies the noticing
relation.

Elizabeth notices Darcy.

Understand "man noticed by [something related by reversed noticing]" as a
man. Understand "woman noticed with [something related by reversed
noticing]" as a woman.

Understand "man who notices [something related by noticing]" as a man.
Understand "woman who notices [something related by noticing]" as a woman.

Test noticing with "x man noticed by elizabeth / x woman who notices Darcy
/ x man who notices elizabeth / x woman noticed by darcy".


Impressing relates one person to various people. The verb to impress (he
impresses, they impress, he impressed, he is impressed) implies the
impressing relation.

Elizabeth impresses Darcy.

Understand "man impressed by [something related by reversed impressing]" as
a man. Understand "woman impressed with [something related by reversed
impressing]" as a woman.

Understand "man who impresses [something related by impressing]" as a man.
Understand "woman who impresses [something related by impressing]" as a
woman.

Test impressing with "x woman who impresses darcy / x man impressed by
elizabeth / x man who impresses Elizabeth / x woman impressed by darcy".


Fancying relates various people to various people. The verb to fancy (he
fancies, they fancy, he fancied, he is fancied) implies the fancying
relation.

Elizabeth fancies Darcy.

Understand "man who fancies [something related by fancying]" as a man.
Understand "woman who fancies [something related by fancying]" as a woman.

Understand "man fancied by [something related by reversed fancying]" as a
man. Understand "woman fancied by [something related by reversed fancying]"
as a woman.

Test fancying with "x woman who fancies darcy / x man fancied by elizabeth
/ x man who fancies elizabeth / x woman fancied by darcy".


Marriage relates one person to another. The verb to be married to implies
the marriage relation.

Elizabeth is married to Darcy.

Understand "wife of [something related by marriage]" as a woman. Understand
"husband of [something related by marriage]" as a man.

Understand "spouse of [something related by reversed marriage]" as a woman.
Understand "spouse of [something related by reversed marriage]" as a man.

Test marriage with "x wife of Darcy / x husband of Elizabeth / x spouse of
Darcy / x spouse of Elizabeth".


Acquaintance relates people to each other. The verb to know (he knows, they
know, he knew, he is known) implies the acquaintance relation.

Elizabeth knows Darcy.

Understand "man acquainted with [something related by acquaintance]" as a
man. Understand "woman acquainted with [something related by acquaintance]"
as a woman.

Understand "man known by [something related by reversed acquaintance]" as a
man. Understand "woman known by [something related by reversed
acquaintance]" as a woman.

Test acquaintance with "x woman acquainted with darcy / x man acquainted
with elizabeth / x woman known by darcy / x man known by elizabeth".



Alliance relates people to each other in groups. The verb to be related to
implies the alliance relation.

Elizabeth is related to Darcy.

Understand "man allied to [something related by alliance]" as a man.
Understand "woman allied to [something related by alliance]" as a woman.

Understand "man connected to [something related by reversed alliance]" as a
man. Understand "woman connected to [something related by reversed
alliance]" as a woman.

Test alliance with "x man allied to elizabeth / x woman allied to darcy / x
man connected to elizabeth / x woman connected to darcy".


Instead of jumping:
	show relation the loving relation;
	if the loving relation is empty, say "Which is empty.";
	now the loving relation is empty;
	show relation the loving relation;
	if the loving relation is empty, say "Which is empty.";
	show relation the noticing relation;
	if the noticing relation is empty, say "Which is empty.";
	now the noticing relation is empty;
	show relation the noticing relation;
	if the noticing relation is empty, say "Which is empty.";
	show relation the impressing relation;
	if the impressing relation is empty, say "Which is empty.";
	now the impressing relation is empty;
	show relation the impressing relation;
	if the impressing relation is empty, say "Which is empty.";
	show relation the fancying relation;
	if the fancying relation is empty, say "Which is empty.";
	now the fancying relation is empty;
	show relation the fancying relation;
	if the fancying relation is empty, say "Which is empty.";
	show relation the marriage relation;
	if the marriage relation is empty, say "Which is empty.";
	now the marriage relation is empty;
	show relation the marriage relation;
	if the marriage relation is empty, say "Which is empty.";
	show relation the acquaintance relation;
	if the acquaintance relation is empty, say "Which is empty.";
	now the acquaintance relation is empty;
	show relation the acquaintance relation;
	if the acquaintance relation is empty, say "Which is empty.";
	show relation the alliance relation;
	if the alliance relation is empty, say "Which is empty.";
	now the alliance relation is empty;
	show relation the alliance relation;
	if the alliance relation is empty, say "Which is empty.";

Test me with "test love / test noticing / test impressing / test fancying /
test marriage /test acquaintance / test alliance / jump".
