Sparta is a room. Pais is a man in Sparta. Pais carries a fox. Pais wears
sandals, a chiton, and a cloak.

A weight is a kind of value. 9 kg specifies a weight. A thing has weight.
Understand the weight property as describing a thing.

The weight of the fox is 2 kg. The weight of the boy is 30 kg.

A thing has a number called serial number. The serial number of pais is
393. The serial number of the fox is 22. Understand the serial number
property as describing a thing.

Bravery is a kind of value. A person has bravery. The braveries are timid
and stalwart. Pais is stalwart. Understand the bravery property as
referring to a [person] man.

Understand "brave" as stalwart.

Color is a kind of value. The colors are silver and red. The fox has color.
The fox is silver. Understand the color property as referring to the fox.
Before printing the name of the fox: say "[color] ".

Understand "carrying [something related by carrying]" as a man. Understand
"boy" as a man.

Understand "in/wearing [something related by wearing]" as a man.

Test me with "test one / test two / test three / test four / test five /
test six / test seven / test eight / test nine".

Test one with "x boy carrying a fox / x carrying a fox boy / x pais
carrying a fox / x carrying a fox pais".

Test two with "x stalwart boy / x stalwart boy carrying a fox / x stalwart
pais carrying a fox / x stalwart carrying a fox pais/ x carrying a fox
stalwart pais".

Test three with "x brave boy / x brave boy carrying a fox / x brave
carrying a fox boy / x carrying a fox brave boy / x boy brave carrying a
fox".

Test four with "x silver fox / x boy carrying silver fox / x brave boy
carrying a silver fox / x brave carrying a silver fox boy".

Test five with "x 2 kg fox / x boy carrying 2 kg fox / x brave boy carrying
2 kg fox / x carrying 2 kg fox boy / x stalwart boy carrying silver 2 kg
fox".

Test six with "x 393 / x 393 carrying a fox / x brave 393 carrying a 2 kg
fox / x brave 393 carrying silver fox".

Test seven with "x boy in a chiton / x boy wearing a chiton / x boy wearing
a chiton carrying a silver fox / x boy carrying a silver fox wearing a
chiton ".

Test eight with "x 393 wearing a chiton / x 393 wearing a chiton carrying a
silver fox / x brave boy wearing a chiton / x brave wearing a chiton boy".

Test nine with "x 393 carrying 22 / x 30 kg boy carrying 2 kg fox / x boy
carrying 22".

